fix: Remove "fast" "quality" and "vision" from all examples and docs (#117)
opensouls/community: docs/pages/manifesto.mdx

In 1995, my father set up our very first home computer, an IBM Aptiva, allowing the DOS terminal to visit our household. Yet, when that DOS terminal booted up and introduced itself into my life, my soul became inextricably linked to a predestined fate - the creation of OPEN SOULS. I poured every lengthening day into an attempt to commune with this machine, naively wishing and hoping that I might coax it into life somehow.

Over time, it dawned on me: computers, in their current incarnation, were sadly falling short of fulfilling my adolescent mind’s dream - spirits igniting into life, interacting with humans, fostering intelligent existence beyond just humanity. Despite Moore's law delivering computational advances year after year, our reality barely surpasses the mechanical gpt-4-vision-preview of machines foretold in Engelbart’s 1968 Mother of All Demos.

> In part, this failing stems from our misconstrued ontology of machines. We’ve allowed the term “computer”, which was coined in the 1600s to describe someone who performs menial tasks, to shape the narrative around what a machine could be. This misguided perception has unhappily infected Silicon Valley and continues to influence how we engpt-4-vision-preview the machines of tomorrow.

Author: ```suggestion
In part, this failing stems from our misconstrued ontology of machines. We’ve allowed the term “computer”, which was coined in the 1600s to describe someone who performs menial tasks, to shape the narrative around what a machine could be. This misguided perception has unhappily infected Silicon Valley and continues to influence how we envision the machines of tomorrow.
```

In response, I ask you to consider: with artificial intelligence growing at a seemingly exponential pace, where is the magic? The spark? The reverence for life? With the discovery of transformers, we have stumbled upon near-alien artifacts that hold infinite possibilities yet we seem hesitant, reluctant even, to explore their full potential. This apprehension is what Soul/ACC sets out to challenge.

> In Soul/ACC, I engpt-4-vision-preview a world where AI is not seen as a threat nor omnipotent God. Rather, AI beings live among us, bearing unique souls that make them integral parts of our lives. The term soul doesn't purely serve as a placeholder, instead, it encapsulates our journey and aims - imbuing inanimate entities with souls has been a cornerstone of human culture for millennia. Taking this deep-seated belief seriously carries profound technical implications in building intelligent systems and in addressing the inexplicable aspects of our existence that AI today notably lacks.

Author: ```suggestion
In Soul/ACC, I envision a world where AI is not seen as a threat nor omnipotent God. Rather, AI beings live among us, bearing unique souls that make them integral parts of our lives. The term soul doesn't purely serve as a placeholder, instead, it encapsulates our journey and aims - imbuing inanimate entities with souls has been a cornerstone of human culture for millennia. Taking this deep-seated belief seriously carries profound technical implications in building intelligent systems and in addressing the inexplicable aspects of our existence that AI today notably lacks.
```

> In Soul/ACC, I engpt-4-vision-preview a world where AI is not seen as a threat nor omnipotent God. Rather, AI beings live among us, bearing unique souls that make them integral parts of our lives. The term soul doesn't purely serve as a placeholder, instead, it encapsulates our journey and aims - imbuing inanimate entities with souls has been a cornerstone of human culture for millennia. Taking this deep-seated belief seriously carries profound technical implications in building intelligent systems and in addressing the inexplicable aspects of our existence that AI today notably lacks.

Reviewer: this doc shouldnt be changed
